james bowen is a homeless man and a
former heroin addict living on the
streets of london and down to his last
bit of change
after a life-threatening rock-related
incident his support worker fell gets
him into a council flat and prescribe
him with methadone an attempt to get him
off the street on his first night in his
flat james discovered a cat riffling
through his foot assuming the cat had
escaped from somewhere james tries to
return the cat to his real owners
after letting him go
the same evening the cat returns to
jam's flat
this time with a purlin wound in his
back leg
worried james console to his animal
loving but allergic neighbor
betty
she informed james of a local charity
fed where she volunteers
and names the cat pop
waiting on the quay in the fed
james missed a meeting with fell
after the appointment james has bob
nature and sets him free however
bob keeps following james into town
eventually driving more crowd of people
making gems more wealthy
and he eventually decided to keep up
bob becomes a tourist hotspot and james
and bitsy start to become romantically
attached
one night while returning home
james find his old friend buzz
unconscious on his flat estate overdose
on heroin
best lester dies in hospital and james
finds out that betsy cannot be around
drug addicts as her diseased brother had
been one on new year's eve james make an
impromptu visit to his biological father
jack
after bob destroyed their living room
hillary sends james and bob out
one day while busking james get into an
argument with the top causing the crowd
to get into brawl with the man and james
getting arrested for it
also found innocent he's prohibited from
busking for six months
while in the chemist receiving his
methadone betsy noticed him
betty and james argue and go their
separate ways
later on james visit the office of the
big issue to make some more money for
him and bob he regained his popularity
with tourists by selling the big issue
after being accused of illegally selling
magazines of another panda patch james
and bob are banned for a whole month
after going back in business james gets
into an argument with the rude woman
trying to buy bob of him losing bob in
the scuffle
bob does not return for a few days
leaving james devastated
after bob returns
james feels he's ready to come off the
methadone
after a week of gruelling with rebel
simpsons james awake clean and healthy
james goes to visit betsy who is in the
middle of moving and living a life man
for her to live
james and betty end on a good note
a journalist mary to request to write a
book about james and bob after his
internet and media popularity
james then fix up his relationship with
his father jack and his life turns
around for the better
a letter at a book signing james is
celebrated by phil his father and
visiting betsy james and betty remain
supportive friends as james and bob
continue on their journey together
james bowen is a homeless man and a
former heroine addict living on the
streets of london and down to his last
bit of change
after a life-threatening rock-related
incident his support worker fell gets
him into a council flat and prescribe
him with methadone an attempt to get him
off the street on his first night in his
flat james discover a cat riffling
through his foot assuming the cat had
escaped from somewhere james tries to
return the cat to his real
owners after letting him go
the same evening the cat returns to
jam's flat
this time with a purlin wound in his
back leg
worried james console to his animal
loving but allergic neighbor betty
she informed james of a local charity
that where she volunteers and names the
cat pop
watching on the quay in fact james
missed a meeting with fell
after the appointment james has bob
nature and sets him free however
bob kept following james into town
eventually driving more crowd of people
making james more wealthy
and he eventually decided to keep up
bob becomes a tourist hotspot and james
and bitsy start to become romantically
attached
one night while returning home
james finds his old friend buzz
unconscious on his flat estate overdose
on heroin
bass later dies in hospital and james
finds out that betsy cannot be around
drug addicts as her disease brother had
been one
on new year's eve james make an
impromptu visit to his biological father
jack
after bob destroyed their living room
hillary sends james and bob out
one day while busking gems get into an
argument with the top causing the crowd
to get into brawl with the man and james
getting arrested for it
also found innocent he's prohibited from
busking for six months
while in the chemist receiving his
methadone betsy notice him
betty and james argue and go their
separate ways
later on james visit the office of the
big issue to make some more money for
him and bob he regained his popularity
with tourists by selling the big issue
after being accused of illegally selling
magazines of another panda patch james
and bob are banned for a whole month
after going back in business james gets
into an argument with the rude woman
trying to buy bob of him losing bob in
his cover
bob does not return for a few days
leaving james devastated
after bob returns james feels he is
ready to come off the methadone
after a week of grueling with rebel
symptoms james awake clean and healthy
james goes to visit betty who is in the
middle of moving and leaving a life man
for her to live
james and betty end on a good note
a journalist mary to request to write a
book about james and bob after his
internet and media popularity
james then fix up his relationship with
his father jack and his life turns
around for the better
a letter at a book signing james is
celebrated by phil his father and
visiting betsy
james and betty remain supportive
friends as james and bob continue on
their journey together